docs(ecosystem): add @clerk/fastify plugin (#4571)
fastify/fastify: docs/Guides/Ecosystem.md

  and lightweight Sequelize plugin for Fastify.
- [`typeorm-fastify-plugin`](https://github.com/jclemens24/fastify-typeorm) A simple
  and updated Typeorm plugin for use with Fastify.

> - [`@clerk/fastify`](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/tree/main/packages/fastify) Clerk is the easiest way to add authentication and user management to your Fastify application.

Reviewer: Can we please not have advertisement showed down our throat? Is Clerk really the easiest way to add authentication and user management to fastify?

Author: I just reused the existing Readme from the clerk repo but I'll be more than happy to change accordingly 😅 .

> - [`@clerk/fastify`](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/tree/main/packages/fastify) Clerk is the easiest way to add authentication and user management to your Fastify application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`@clerk/fastify`](https://github.com/clerkinc/javascript/tree/main/packages/fastify) Clerk is an easy way to add authentication and user management to your Fastify application.
```

Author: thank you for the suggestion but i will change it to be more generic and to be less than 80 chars (as linting rules indicate).

  and lightweight Sequelize plugin for Fastify.
- [`typeorm-fastify-plugin`](https://github.com/jclemens24/fastify-typeorm) A simple
  and updated Typeorm plugin for use with Fastify.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I thought that `Community Tools` should be the same as `Community` and `Core` headings (that have empty lines around) but i will drop them as suggested.

#### [Community Tools](#community-tools)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
